Use a SearchableFilterInterface instead of a global_search option. (#7275)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: docs/reference/search.rst

Search
======

> The admin comes with a basic global search available in the upper navigation menu. The search iterates over
> admin classes and look for filter extending the ``Sonata\AdminBundle\Search\SearchableFilterInterface`` with
> the method ``isSearchEnabled`` returning true. If you are using the ``SonataDoctrineORMBundle``, the
> ``Sonata\DoctrineORMAdminBundle\Filter\StringFilter`` is searchable and rely on a ``global_search`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admin comes with a basic global search available in the upper navigation menu. The search iterates over
admin classes and looks for filters implementing the ``Sonata\AdminBundle\Search\SearchableFilterInterface`` interface with
the method ``isSearchEnabled()`` returning true. If you are using ``SonataDoctrineORMBundle``, the
``Sonata\DoctrineORMAdminBundle\Filter\StringFilter`` filter is searchable and relies on a ``global_search`` option.
```
